Jasper dragon card
The legendary jasper dragon was discovered by Jin Shang
This card can be used anywhere in the world
No restrictions
This Card
Write no more than 10
And these 10 people
no no
An important person who holds the lifeblood of Oshita
Even though I single-handedly created the Daxia Chamber of Commerce
Are not eligible to have this card
I didn't expect to see the style of this card here today
This Card
The best proof of self-evidence
This gentleman
Can continue
I declare
All the lots here today.
There are no restrictions for this gentleman
He can participate in the auction at will
This gentleman
Will be a senior member of the Chamber of Commerce in the future
Have the same privileges as me
Why do you continue to argue with me?
You're lucky this time
I tell you boy
Young people should not be too crazy
Something that doesn't belong to you
You have to have a solid hand, in the end
Still no money for you
1 billion third time
Do you have a deal?
Western treasures
Really extraordinary
Here you go.
It's the first time I've seen it.
Eat all over Guanming City
Ouch I should have filmed this scene
Send it to Guan Qianqian for a look.
Let him see his brother kiss this face again
It's fun to think about
Does this person look particularly familiar to you?
The people here are all from the imperial capital family
Familiarity is normal
I forgot
Which family of ours can have such courage?
Maybe I read it wrong.
Next, our building
The Chamber of Commerce presents the finale of the highest sincerity
Star and Moon Fairy Tale
It turned out to be a star and moon fairy tale
This is not the paradise my grandfather made for me
Star and moon fairy tale?